docs: update RFC-0230_HTLC to use TariScript (#3622)
tari-project/tari: RFC/src/RFC-0230_HTLC.md

include a lock height. This limits how early in the blockchain lifetime the specific transaction can be included in a 
block. This approach is used in a traditional [Mimblewimble] construction that does not implement any kind of scripting.
This has two disadvantages. Firstly, the spending condition is very primitive and cannot be linked to other conditions.
Secondly, it bloats the kernel, which is a component of the transaction that cannot be pruned.

However, with [TariScript] it becomes possible to express spending conditions like a time-lock as part of a UTXO's script.
The `CheckHeightVerify(height)` TariScript Op code allows a time-lock check to be incorporated into a script. The following is a simple
example of a plain time-lock script that prevents an output from being spent before the chain reaches height 4000:

```text
CheckHeightVerify(4000)
```

#### Hashed Time-locked Contract
Hashed time-locked contracts ([HTLC]) are a way of reserving funds that can only be spent if a hash pre-image can be provided or
if a specified amount of time has passed. The hash pre-image is a secret that can be revealed under the right conditions

> to enable spending of the UTXO before the time-lock is reached. The secret can be revealed directly by a party or by
> a party spending another output via a signature. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to enable spending of the UTXO before the time-lock is reached. The secret can be directly exchanged between the parties or 
revealed to the other party by spending an output that makes use of an adapter signature.
```

Reviewer 2: adapter -> adaptor
